He lost.
I didn't lose
A stately body
It's actually eloquent
You are Han Chinese, right?
Hahahaha
So?
Conscience covers the wood
Idle City Master
But I hate traitors the most in my life
Old man, why don't you compare a poem with me?
What is this faint king doing?
How dare you bet on poetry with Shisheng
The old man has heard that the big-eyed emperor is stupid and incompetent
ignorant
No ink
What are you capable of?
Do you dare to compete with this old man?
Why not?
What's wrong with you?
You just killed someone in front of me
I am very unhappy
The painted pottery of this game
Just take the life of your guard and the life of this stomachache
How about changing my life?
Is he crazy?
You're going to fight for your life
It's a deal.
Good old man
Don't say I bully you.
You ask the question
Lao Tzu is familiar with Tang poetry and Song poetry
I can't torture you dog traitor
Then let's be happy
What do you think of the time of one stick of incense?
I don't need a stick of incense
When is the moon?
Ask the sky for wine
I don't know the palace in the sky
What year is it tonight?
I want to ride home
Fear of Qionglou Yuyu
It's freezing up there.
Dance to figure out the shadow
How does it seem to be in the world?
Transfer to Zhuge Low Qitu
There should be no hate
When is the circle opposite?
People have joys and sorrows
The moon is cloudy and sunny
This matter is impossible
May it last
A thousand miles together